All of the csv files need to be placed in the same folder as the python importers.
Before running any code with the CSV files, they will need to be cleaned with clean.py to replace any special characters,

##Products.csv

#products.csv is an edited copy of the csv file of the orders google sheet.

It should contain two rows. The top row is the name of all of the products. The second row is the sku of the products.
Note that the sku can be left blank.

NOTE: The name of the products in this file will be the name that is stored in the database. This is used in the other importers, so make sure that it matches the other files.
NOTE: All of the special products should also be listed in this file.

Any columns without a product name should be deleted.
Any other rows should be deleted.


###Pricings.csv

#pricings.csv is an edited copy of the csv file of the pricings google sheet.

It's top row should be the products.
NOTE: the products need to be the exact same name as in products.csv.
NOTE: There are two different types of hypens "-" and "–". These will be treated as different characters in the code.
The following rows should be the pricing for each company.

Its left-most column should be the name of the company who the pricing is for.
NOTE: any special pricings for a company should be removed from the CSV file and saved somewhere else
The second to left-most column should be empty if the company does not pay freight, otherwise the program will assume that they pay freight 
NOTE: the top row of these two columns should be left blank
The other columns should be the pricings of the products.

Any other columns or rows should be deleted.

###readOrders.py

#Orders23-34 is an edited copy of the csv file of the orders google sheet.

Csv files of orders must be edited in the following way to run the file and have it accurately read into the database.
NOTE:'job number' must be added to the beginning of the file
NOTE: the google sheet includes special characters which do not show up on the csv file and disrupt accurate reading of csv file data into the database.
the first row of the csv file which inlcudes all google sheet row categories must be retyped to remove special character. 
NOTE: row category titles must be changed to exactly match those in the database.


###readContacts.py

csv of Capsule CRM  contains numerous empty columns that are redundant. 
Billing address in csv does not contain any data and so has been filled the same as Shipping address. Discuss with business clients on 
extracting the correct data on this. 
